Update Android/iOS code and README (#1)
Vonage/vonage-video-api-network-test-samples: Android-Sample/README.md

2. Sync Gradle

3. In the com.opentok.qualitystats.sample.MainAcdtivity.java class, set the following properties
   to a test Vonage Video API session ID, token, and application ID:

   ```
   private static final String SESSION_ID = "";
   private static final String TOKEN = "";
   private static final String APPLICATION_ID = "";
   ```

   **Important:** You must use a unique session, with its own session ID, for the network test. This
   must be a different session than the one you will use to share audio-video streams between
   clients. Do not publish more than one stream to the test session.

   The app requires that each session uses the routed media mode -- one that uses

>    the [Vonage Video API Media Router](https://tokbox.com/developer/guides/create-session/#media-mode).

Reviewer: Please change all docs link URLs throughout to point to the Vonage version of the docs. For example, this one should point to https://developer.vonage.com/en/video/guides/create-session#the-media-router-and-media-modes.

   A routed session is required to get statistics for the stream published by the local client.

>    You can get your API key as well as a test session ID and token at the
>    [Vonage Video API dashboard](https://dashboard.tokbox.com/). However, in a shipping application, use
>    one of the [Vonage Video API server SDKs](https://tokbox.com/developer/sdks/server/) to generate a
>    session ID and token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use one of the [Vonage server SDKs](https://developer.vonage.com/en/video/server-sdks/overview) to generate a
```

(Also change in the iOS readme.)
